brian-carpenter-introduction (#27)
anima-wg/brski-cloud: anima-brski-cloud.md

# Introduction

> Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructures {{BRSKI}} specifies automated bootstrapping of devices, also referred to as pledges, within an Autonomic Control Plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructures {{BRSKI}} specifies automated network onboarding of devices,  referred to as pledges, within an Autonomic Control Plane or other managed network infrastructure.
```
